Currently I'm concentrating on the backend mechanics of boxyseq. While 
there is a rudimentary GUI, there is very little that can be done within 
it.

The thing about this is, I've put very little in place which will allow 
the user to interact via the GUI with the backend. In other words, I've 
not considered how to make such operations happen in a thread safe way.

There is only one data structure in place which can handle this, and 
that is the pattern data structure. The thread safety is based upon the 
assumption pointer assignment (ie assignment to a pointer, ptr = &something)
is thread safe. The code built up around this was a PITA to write and 
has so far put me off from transferring the idea to all the other (many 
and varied) data structures in the program.


see also: grep FIXME *.c


FIXME: RT & UI thread data coupling. 12th August 2010.

Until recently, and in ignorance of how I might handle exchange of data
between the real-time thread and the ui thread, I thought my module
design was quite clean and had good seperation between the two threads.

As I said, in ignorance.

However despite thinking otherwise, I was confused about what should go
where and had been writing what I thought were data structures for the
RT thread in the style of data structures for the UI thread. I did realise
there were problems, but did not know how I'd go about resolving the
problems - half of which I am only beginning to identify.

So at the moment, I am working my way through all the data structures and,
using the rtdata update mechanism, giving the data structures the capability
of sharing data between two threads via edit/copy/update mechanism.

At this stage I have started and realized the coupling could be a problem.
However, I'm going to continue in this manner because it is easy to implement
and will help identify what goes where so that when/if i decide to seperate
all this stuff out properly, I'll know exactly what is needed already and it
will just be (more or less) a matter of moving code around.

[[[ i'm still unsure about all this data coupling business ]]]

------------

-Starting to witness occasional strange behaviour with dragging the
-grid boundary around in the GUI, and crashes :-(
+I'm attributing that behaviour to certain bugs which have since been
squashed :>
